hey guys welcome back to lose video you
watch me much monday nitro live come to
rely reaction all right here oh we go
for a fingers bored we get reversed
encountered he's going either he's
locking up the arm turn the Mustang out
Gavin all gone leg locks ow face down
why are you gonna tap bro are you gonna
tap the Tag Team Champion title on the
line damien mizdow with the state coming
from behind oh well it said oh so much
between the ropes we got two meses on
the right ali stem time right into a
super custody that's dirty from behind
120 donors gonna get too sleepy when i'm
back in a line I'll go for
skull-crushing gets countered into an
arm drags connects with a superkick oh
my god his body like was crazy just now
bridge oh he was gonna fart still the
splash he counted with the knees
skull-crushing finale it's over it's
over 12 wow I thought Miz was gonna
actually legitly when those tag team
titles I thought Miz was gonna win the
tag team titles without Cian you're
gonna move the skull-crushing finale nut
pulling loose on Pam down not some sneak
attack not some distraction I think you
you can't believe it tag team titles are
on the line and those zones are hungry
they are hungry you can just feel it
both of these guys they're all hungry
look at the headshots unloading from
behind he's going from skull-crushing
finale from the knees trying to get him
what lays up go fight back big elbow
another elbow combo elbows oh he gets to
tango I don't know if ms knows it's so
good kick head next days off the ropes
gokul super gay oh my goodness was the
way you're going he's too far with those
abort abort mission you can't fly that I
super space for like 30 feet away 1230
so new tag team champs congratulations
to the gustos wow I'm crazy guys if you
want subscribe to my youtube channel do
not follow me on Facebook Twitter
Instagram I have been half